AAI 5.1 docs (#2716)
TykTechnologies/tyk-docs: tyk-docs/content/universal-data-graph/datasources/rest.md

Once done the field you just configured will show information about data source type and name:

{{< img src="/img/dashboard/udg/datasources/datasources-list.png" alt="datasourcesList" >}}

## Automatically creating REST UDG configuration based on OAS specification

Tyk Dashboard users have an option to use Tyk Dashboard API and quickly transform REST API OAS specification into a UDG config and have it published in the Dasboard within seconds.

See our [Postman collections](https://www.postman.com/tyk-technologies/workspace/tyk-public-workspace/overview) and fork `Tyk Dashboard API v5.1`.

The endpoint you need to use is:

```bash
POST /api/data-graphs/data-sources/import
```

Request body:

```json
{
    "type": "string",
    "data": "string"
}
```

`type` is an enum with the following possible values:

- openapi
- asyncapi

> Importing OAS specification you need to choose `openapi`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To import and OAS specification you need to choose `openapi`.
```

> To import and OAS specification you need to choose `openapi`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To import an OAS specification you need to choose `openapi`.
```
